hey guys imgur's they'd warm warm on
here today bringing you quick unboxing
and first impressions of prototype 2 so
here's the box looking really nice
exclusive human wrecking ball edition as
i pre-ordered and it comes inside one of
those little cases so it slides out
trying to unpack this one handed is
pretty difficult breaking over game
rules by destroying the case brand new
tariff fuck I'm like nearly breaking hey
guys things I said one woman here today
bringing you some quick fuck hey guys
having said 111 here today bring I'll
shit not straight that's pissing me off
focus I should have outside for calling
hey guys I'm said one more on here today
bringing you a quick unboxing and first
impressions of prototype 2 so it comes
in one of these cases and fucking gets
out hey guys James was dead one morning
hits day bring you a quick unboxing and
first impressions of prototype 2 as you
can see there so I'll quickly picked out
the case and this case is fucking
annoying hey guys I'm azide one warm-up
fuck hey guys long as I've said 111 here
today bringing you a quick unboxing and
first up hey guys I'm said 111 here
today bring you a quick unboxing and
first hey guys I'm Zed 111 here today
bringing you a quick unboxing well I'm
not gonna I'm just gonna leave it in the
box you know it's just too fucked up
this case is like battered already and
it's brand new
just give me
your place of lime in my
wind rolling